docs: Metrics storybook analysis document (#1444)
Flank/flank-dashboard: metrics/web/docs/features/storybook/01_metrics_storybook_design.md

According to the [widget structure organization document](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/web/docs/03_widget_structure_organization.md#applying-a-theme-to-a-widget-appearance) common widgets use the Metrics theme. Thus to display these widgets in the storybook correctly we should move the Metrics theme along with them. The disadvantage of moving common widgets is the loss of the ability to customize them as base widgets.

Also, as the common Metrics widgets use the Metrics theme, the storybook should have the ability to toggle between the light and dark variants of the theme, to affect widgets' appearance.

Now, we can list the requirements the `Metrics storybook` feature must satisfy:

- Displays a set of Metrics widgets.
- Provides an ability to manage the Metrics theme.
- Contains a tab with the widget documentation.

> - Contains a list of inputs to change widgets' appearance (height, width, color, etc.).

Reviewer: :readable: 
```suggestion
- Provides an ability to change the widgets' appearance (height, width, color, etc.).
```
What do you think?

- Contains the Metrics color palette to view all project's colors.
- Provides an ability to search across components.
- Visually groups widgets by their types.
- Provides an ability to change a viewport size (view widgets on different devices).

### Landscape
> Look for existing solutions in the area.

There are two approaches to create the storybook for Flutter widgets - [using existing packages](#use-existing-packages) or [creating a UI from scratch](#manually-create-a-storybook-from-scratch).

#### Use existing packages

At this time, there are only a few packages, that provide the functionality to write Storybook for Flutter widgets.

Let's take a closer look at the packages:

> 1. [Storyboard](https://pub.dev/packages/storyboard)

Reviewer: :readable: Would it be great to convert this numbered list into separate sub-sections?

- Requires updating a Dart version to 2.12.0 or higher.
- Does not have an ability to change the viewport size.
- Does not have a docs tab that supports MDX (or similar) with the documentation about the widget.
- Does not have a search across components functionality.

4. [Storybook_flutter](https://pub.dev/packages/storybook_flutter)

A cross-platform storybook for showcasing widgets. It works on all platforms supported by Flutter.

Pros:

- Allows managing themes.
- Allows creating a custom Storybook (e.g., UI).
- Allows approximating how a particular widget looks and performs on different devices (requires additional related package).

Cons:

- Provides only a plain UI.
- Requires updating a Dart version to 2.12.0 or higher.
- Does not have a docs tab that supports MDX (or similar) with the documentation about the widget.
- Does not have a search across components functionality.

#### Manually create a Storybook from scratch

Another solution is to provide a completely new Flutter project with the [required functionality](#requirements).

Pros:

- Allows creating a custom Storybook with all required features.

Cons:

- Requires designing a new UI for the Metrics storybook.

> - Takes extra time to implement a new UI element.

Reviewer: 🏷️ 
```suggestion
- Takes extra time to implement new UI elements.
```
?

- The management of themes in these packages is reduced only to the possibility of switching between the dark and the light themes, as well as the presence of a toggle theme button, the behavior of which we cannot control. Even though the packages allow managing themes, it becomes a complex task to integrate the Metrics theme into the storybook. The described above packages do not allow to provide the theme data for all the Metric widgets. See [Metrics Theme guidelines](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/web/docs/03_widget_structure_organization.md#metrics-theme-guidelines) to get more metrics theme implementation details.

- The UI in these packages is, also very basic, without thoughtful design and UX.

Summing up the consideration of approaches and given the above explanations, the best solution would be to create this library from [scratch](#manually-create-a-storybook-from-scratch).

> ### Prototyping

Reviewer: 🔨 I think the prototyping section should contain information that confirms that the feature implementation is possible. For example, we can prove that we can extract the part of the Metrics Web application into a separate package by providing appropriate code snippets. What do you think?

Given the above, it's possible to create the `Metrics storybook`.

This feature will be useful to the following end-users: developers, designers, and clients.

First of all, the great purpose of the Metrics storybook is that each widget and story (a specific state of a widget) can be easily reused across the entire project by any developer who works on it, ensuring consistent design and UX. Metrics storybook creating allows developers to work in parallel on widgets and do not touch the main Metrics Web Application's codebase. It also, makes it easier to add new widgets, since we can test them separately and only then make changes to the code of the application.

The storybook application can be shared with and commented on by designers so that they can add their input regarding the implementation of the designs.

Another group that can use this feature is clients. Storybook makes it easy to show pieces of the software to keep the client in the loop. Even small pieces of UI can be shared and made available for feedback, preventing longer periods without any deliverables.

### Requirements
> Define requirements and make sure that they are complete.

> Before defining requirements to the feature, we should determine which components from the Metrics Web Application should be included in the storybook.

Reviewer: :tw:
```suggestion
Before defining requirements to the feature, we should determine which components from the Metrics Web Application the storybook should include.
```
Please, prefer active voice to passive voice. See [Google Technical Writing](https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/active-voice#prefer_active_voice_to_passive_voice) for more details.

 - *common* - is a widget that is actually used in the Metrics Web Application context and can be used across the modules.

The main question is whether we want to extract to the Metrics storybook only base widgets or add common widgets as well. If we add only base widgets to the storybook, we can accidentally duplicate the existing common Metrics widgets with the same functionality. Also, we will not be able to view the entire list of possible components that are used in the application. That's why our choice is to take out base widgets together with common ones.

At the same time, some of the common Metrics widgets (e.g., [MetricsUserMenu](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/web/lib/common/presentation/widgets/metrics_user_menu.dart)) are using [ChangeNotifiers](https://pub.dev/documentation/provider/latest/provider/ChangeNotifierProvider-class.html) internally. It makes widgets dependent on the Metrics Web Application's notifiers, so in these cases, we cannot extract this kind of widget, without changing them.

> According to the [widget structure organization document](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/web/docs/03_widget_structure_organization.md#applying-a-theme-to-a-widget-appearance) common widgets use the Metrics theme. Thus to display these widgets in the storybook correctly, we should move the Metrics theme along with them. The disadvantage of moving common widgets is the loss of the ability to customize them as base widgets.

Reviewer: 🏷️
```suggestion
According to the [widget structure organization document](https://github.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/blob/master/metrics/web/docs/03_widget_structure_organization.md#applying-a-theme-to-a-widget-appearance), common widgets use the Metrics theme. Thus to display these widgets in the storybook correctly, we should move the Metrics theme along with them. The disadvantage of moving common widgets is the loss of the ability to customize them as base widgets.
```

Now, we can list the requirements the `Metrics storybook` feature must satisfy:

- Displays a set of Metrics widgets.
- Provides an ability to manage the Metrics theme.
- Contains a tab with the widget documentation.
- Provides an ability to change the widgets' appearance (height, width, color, etc.).
- Contains the Metrics color palette to view all project's colors.
- Provides an ability to search across components.
- Visually groups widgets by their types.
- Provides an ability to change a viewport size (view widgets on different devices).

### Landscape
> Look for existing solutions in the area.

There are two approaches to create the storybook for Flutter widgets - [using existing packages](#use-existing-packages) or [creating a UI from scratch](#manually-create-a-storybook-from-scratch).

#### Use existing packages

At this time, there are only a few packages, that provide the functionality to write Storybook for Flutter widgets.

Let's take a closer look at the packages:

#### [Storyboard](https://pub.dev/packages/storyboard)

> There are simple classes, which provide all the logic to start writing the storybook. It is just a little package, that helps to reduce a boilerplate.

Reviewer: 🏷️ 
```suggestion
There are simple classes, which provide all the logic to start writing the storybook. It is just a little package that helps to reduce a boilerplate.
```
